Félix, let's go.
TAYRONA NATIONAL PARK
TAYRONA + CADAVER + ISRAELI
NO RESULTS FOUND FOR YOUR SEARCH
Not now.
Answer. It's Félix.
Hello?
Look at what I sent you.
FIVE COMPANIES GET QUOTA
TO GROW CANNABIS IN COLOMBIA
"KannaLab has amazed everyone, as a company
that enters the big leagues
with a different
and innovative vision.
Hey,
didn't we send a picture
of the three of us?
Yeah, we sent a few.
But they chose that one.
Ignacio won't like that one bit.
Who cares what he says, Mari.
What's important is that
we're in the big leagues.
I can't believe this
is happening.
It's like a dream, right?
Mari, why don't we go
to Cartagena this weekend?
To Cartagena?
Yes. We haven't gotten
away in a while.
No. You have no idea
how much work I have this week.
Okay, forget this weekend.
We can go next week instead.
Even worse.
We have a ton of lab tests.
Then, when will you
be available?
What's that?
Yeah.
If this keeps up, I won't
see my wife until Christmas.
What are you talking about? Aren't
we here, talking right now?
No. I'm talking to you.
You're chatting with your ex,
Félix.
With my business partner.
I don't care.
Is Lucas Sandoval jealous?
Wow! That sure is something new.
When did my husband get swapped?
When you started talking more
about marijuana
than anything else.
It's "cannabis".
"Marijuana" is racist.
I don't give a fuck.
Do you know the origin?
From "María"
and "Juana".
The Americans made it up to stigmatize
cannabis and make it sound Mexican.
Because it corrupted white women
so the bad Mexicans
could seduce them.
Why are you lecturing me
on marijuana if I'm talking...
It's called cannabis.
I'm talking about
your ex-boyfriend, Félix.
It was precisely Félix, my
ex-boyfriend and business partner,
who told me this about cannabis,
and I'm passing it on
to my husband,
who I love with all my heart,
and who turned out to be
a bit jealous.
Listen,
I married the man I love.
Félix is just a friend.
What type of friend is he?
Why? Are there categories now?
Of course.
There are friends you
don't see in years,
and when you see them,
it's like a day went by.
Others, you don't see in a day,
and it feels like years went by.
So, yes. There are
different kinds.
Mariana!
- Hello.
- Graciela Arbeláez.
You're the CEO of Madre Verde,
right?
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Congratulations on getting the permit
to cultivate cannabis.
Thank you.
How kind.
I'm very sorry you didn't
get the permit.
Are you actually sorry?
Excuse me?
How do you know where I live?
That's not relevant.
Yes, it is.
What would you think
if I showed up at your door?
I'd think you have something
important to tell me.
Oh, I see.
You're here to buy the permit
to plant cannabis.
It's not for sale.
Don't fool yourself.
Everything has a price.
How much?
Three million dollars?
Thank you very much
for your generous offer.
We're not for sale.
Thank you for the gift.
Shouldn't you consult
with your father?
My father isn't involved.
Then consult your partners.
Actually, I don't need to
consult anyone.
Really, Mariana?
Even the president
consults his wife.
You know what? You remind me of myself
when I started
and I ruined
everything I touched.
I had to learn a lot.
Yeah?
And what did you learn?
Your company's investing
hundreds of millions of dollars
and you couldn't even get a
permit to grow your product.
Here's some advice.
I don't need your advice.
Sell
before you fall back
down to earth,
because the fall will be big.
Have a nice day.
Susana.
How's irrigation?
There's a problem.
We can barely get any water.
The problem isn't the water.
Look. The canals aren't aligned.
In all the time I've
worked on this,
this is the first time
they've restricted water.
When this crop grows, we'll need ten
times the water we're using now.
If we're not careful now,
this will all be a big waste.
- We have to look at every detail.
- Yeah.
The devil's in the details.
Now you want to talk
about religion?
What?
What's wrong?
I have good and bad news.
Let's see.
The bad news
is that all the other companies
are already performing THC and CBD
extraction tests.
This means that,
if we don't start now,
we'll fall behind.
- And the good news?
- The good news
is that the equipment supplier
is ready to ship.
We just need the money.
Just the money.
Doll face.
Urgent meeting.
Which one do you like more
for this wall?
This is the urgent meeting?
Yes. Image is everything.
Whoever walks into this office
immediately has to see
we're the future, or we're screwed.
Which one?
So some wallpaper's going to
determine our future, or what?
Just tell me which one you like more.
Choose one.
I don't know.
- This one.
- That one?
Okay, then we'll use this one.
So why'd you ask me?
To rule it out.
Do whatever you want
with the wall.
There's more important
stuff to discuss.
- Like what?
Like we don't have any money?
We have to expand the lab and
improve the irrigation system.
That's it?
You want more?
No, relax. I solved the problem
with the money.
Yesterday, the bank
approved our loan.
We just have to sign some papers
and get the transfer.
A loan? In exchange for what?
Impossible.
But it's a fair offer.
Fair? If we don't pay, the bank will
take all of my land. How's that fair?
To make money
we have to take risks, right?
Sure, risk other
people's property.
I didn't confront my dad so the bank
could take my land, sorry.
Oh, you're sorry?
Didn't I risk all my money
a few months back at Tayrona?
Remember that?
Yes, I do.
That worked out, didn't it?
Okay, so what'll we do?
In fact, I was going to show you
the company strategy.
Show? To who? Your employees?
I didn't know you were
the queen of this empire.
We're all supposed to plan it.
Yes, but it's not happening,
is it?
Someone had to do it.
Ignacio's been obsessing
over the office for weeks,
you're working hard
with the crops,
and this is more financial...
Financial?
If you didn't get the hint,
she doesn't trust...
Thank you, Nachito.
So which meetings will I attend?
- The ones on farming.
- No.
- On fertilizers, manure.
- That's not
what I meant.
We haven't even started and we've
already had our own Red Wedding.
God save the queen.
Isn't the queen
negotiating with the bank
behind our backs?
That is betrayal.
I'm just getting ahead on work
we had to do anyway.
According to the dictionary,
betrayal is an act
that breaks the trust or loyalty
you must keep
or have.
They chose the picture, not me.
- Are we supposed to believe that?
- It's the truth.
I think you wanted to appear alone
in the magazine.
You know I'm not the enemy,
right?
I'm not the enemy, either.
- Then stop acting like you are.
- Okay.
Let's start over, okay?
You agree?
- It's hard.
- Why's it hard?
Because we know, you know, that we
know you didn't count on us.
Fuck it. We're starting over,
Nacho.
No, I'm a being of light,
transparent.
I just need to know
no one's gonna backstab me
when I'm sleeping.
I'm not hiding anything.
Anything else you wanna say?
No? Okay.
- And you?
- No.
Actually, yes.
I changed the company logo.
I didn't like it.
Okay, I can live with that.
What's important is, where are
we gonna get the money we need?
Can I talk now?
Excuse me, guys.
I have an idea. I was going to
show it to you today.
We'll have an open house.
- Open house?
- It'll be unique.
The coolest, most original party
ever celebrated here.
Here? What about the crops?
And the mother plants' safety?
No, I mean here.
Nobody will be near the plants.
But we can reinforce security.
Sounds cool.
We could give out
samples of our weed.
Exactly.
What do you say?
Okay, but I'll make
the guest list.
We'll only invite people
that can invest,
but for real,
not a ton of bums
who'll come to eat for free
and take pictures.
Agreed?
You keep the finances, and you
keep going.
Lola?
No.
Sorry.
Please, let's not talk about prejudice
in this interview.
Like what kind of prejudice?
Like the idea that a journalist has to
look like a cheap game show host.
Would you like a drink, or...?
Hey, buddy. Yes, an espresso,
and another one in five minutes,
please.
Better if it's Lavazza.
Do you want something?
A normal coffee.
Better if it's Colombian.
Can we start?
To talk about you?
Yes.
That's why we're here, right?
Let's talk about KannaLab first.
Perfect.
This Friday, we'll have an open house
to find investors.
You can come if you want to see the
place and talk to the other partners.
I'd rather go through labor than
go to one of those snobby parties.
Tell me about KannaLab.
How'd you start?
We're three partners
and eight months ago,
it was Mariana's birthday.
On March 8, to be exact,
and we hadn't seen each other
in a long time.
Where?
Here, in Bogotá.
Félix had been
working for months
with the plants
and he had the perfect seed.
The ideal seed, the only thing we
needed to get started.
Why cannabis?
Because we're doing
what no one else is doing.
What are you doing?
Revolutionizing the worldwide
cannabis industry.
People need to know
and understand
how ridiculous and absurd it is to
prohibit something that helps so many.
What does your
grandfather think?
What's he got to do with this?
He's the ex-president who began the
war against drugs in this country.
He must have something to say.
Ask him, if you're so interested
in his opinion.
I'm asking you,
as a Santamaría, someone who
grows under the shadow
of one of the most important men
in Colombian politics.
I'm not associated
with that family.
You have the same last name.
You take your name to the grave.
I'm here thanks to what I achieved
on my own, not my last name.
Let me refresh your memory.
If you hadn't studied where you did,
which was paid for by your family,
you wouldn't know the owner
of the newspaper I work for,
and I wouldn't be here.
Meritocracy isn't a core pillar
of your life, Santamaría.
What kind of interview do you think
you'll get with that attitude?
Honestly, I think we're
wasting our time.
Finally something we
can agree on.
Should I take the gentleman's,
or...?
Leave it here.
I want to try it.
Coffee
and flowers
are in the past.
The real product,
the star Colombian product
- is cannabis, coffee...
- Mariana.
The two biggest coffee exporters
in the country are coming,
so I'd cut back on the speech,
okay?
Okay.
There'll also be
seven bankers, two stock
exchange owners,
and a dozen Elon Musk wannabes.
One of these aristo-hippies
has to drop a million dollars.
Doll face, first we'll drain
the big pus-filled pimples.
Who else is coming?
Aníbal Restrepo, ex-banker,
ex-congressman,
and the president's ex-lover.
That porn star 'stache
is worth $90 million.
Carla Espitia, CEO of
Gran Pharma.
They want to diversify,
and by that, I mean they've set up a business
incubator that's as useless
as a panda trying to mate.
Hernán Arce,
film and television producer.
I fall asleep during all of his
movies, but the French love him.
They call him
"the Maluma of art house films,"
and I still don't know
what the fuck that means.
So, darlings, put on your heels,
and let's dance.
It's only a million dollars.
You know perfectly well
that I'm no charlatan,
no snake oil salesman.
That's not me.
But you are a bit of
a charlatan.
That's called charm.
What I want you to know
is that we have the business
of the future.
Nowadays, Colombia's
true star product
is without a doubt cannabis.
Everyone knows our country
doesn't need PR.
The narcos already built
the brand, right?
We have to turn that around
and use it in our favor.
Now we just have to make people know
that it's legal.
Nicole Kidman fell in
love with Colombia.
That makes four Hollywood movies
this year.
Wow.
So it's the perfect
moment to diversify.
This cannabis will revolutionize
the industry.
How can you assure me
that all this cannabis talk
isn't just a new trend?
Well, it isn't new. The
market has existed for years.
We're not making it up. We
just have to make that change.
Company value is skyrocketing.
Who's valuing it?
The gods of Olympus?
Actually, I heard Zeus and Hades have
been calling all morning, you know.
No, this is real.
And now's your chance.
I'll be honest. I don't think my team
is ready for this change.
Okay.
But you can give them
the information.
Of course.
But I know them well.
Nachito,
we just came to have a look.
This thing you got here,
it's impressive!
Yes, it took a lot of hard work.
Right. I wanted to tell you
about the new movie
we're producing.
The thing is, we need more money
to finance it.
Nicole Kidman wants
to reshoot some scenes,
and we thought
Colombia's the best option.
What do you say?
Are you in?
- Is it recreational cannabis? -No,
Colombia approved medicinal exports.
So? Nobody will get
high on this?
Not with this.
This has been processed. The THC
levels are low and it's mainly CBD.
Let me try the good stuff.
Before it's processed.
Ladies first.
No, I don't smoke.
Really?
Like a tattoo artist
without tattoos.
Yeah, it's good.
But why's this the biggest shit?
Look at the trichomes.
The terpenes and cannabinoids
are stored there.
And I swear a concentration like this
is unbeatable.
What the fuck are terpenes?
Terpenes and cannabinoids give the flavor,
smell, medicinal effect, and the high.
The best seeds give
the most stable results,
when the THC and CBD levels are
continuous, and when the lab--
I'm not a fucking laboratory.
Talk to me like I'm your aunt.
This is the best weed
you'll ever smoke.
It's like being on a tropical beach
and feeling
the wind, the smell of
a pine forest
running through your veins.
It's like breathing something
purer than oxygen.
Yeah, it's the shit.
But a 25% return is crap
for such a big risk.
- We can negotiate that.
- No.
If I'm in, I want to
be a partner.
I get 40% of the company
and you divide the rest.
We divide the rest?
Like dogs fighting over scraps?
If you're talking with me,
it means you got shit.
So you either fight over the scraps,
or leave it.
Thanks.
Do you think we're
doing this right?
I think we are.
We're not the problem here.
If you're not part of the solution,
you're part of the problem.
My mom used to say that.
You know she'd be proud
of what you're achieving, right?
Well,
I risked the only crop she loved,
and for what?
For what?
We're changing people's lives.
Really, two months ago,
people in Colombia thought
cannabis was a vice,
but now that idea is
falling apart.
We're opening their eyes.
Yeah?
You really think we're
changing lives?
Well,
at least ours have changed.
Or is your life the
same as before?
It's not like before,
but this new version of my life
distanced me a lot from my dad.
That doesn't matter.
The crop's yours.
You can do whatever you
want with it.
Yes, but he's still angry
that his daughter humiliated him
in front of everyone.
Look on the bright side.
You're done dealing with him.
Actually, I'm not.
Over half of the other crops are
mine. I should go to the meetings,
but I don't want to show
my face there.
Know what? Next time you have a meeting,
take some of our weed.
Imagine your dad high?
No way.
That old man.
Things will get better, right?
I'm sure they will.
Me too. I feel it.
We're going to be on the top".
Félix.
- What's up?
- Everything good?
Could I get two glasses of red wine,
please?
Mari's very excited
about all this.
She deserves it. She
worked hard.
She's happier than ever.
It's like something
changed inside her.
She always wanted her
own company.
No.
I think it's more.
It must be motherhood.
Mariana's pregnant?
Not yet,
but we're trying,
and she's looking forward to it.
It's like this company gave her
the stability she needed.
Cheer up, you'll be an uncle.
You're like the brother
she never had.
Hey! I'm happy you made it.
I brought Ximena,
the owner's daughter.
Ximena Casas?
She's here?
- She's loaded and I'll introduce you.
- That's great. Perfect.
Xime.
- Hello.
- This is Mariana.
- Mari,
- it's a pleasure to finally meet you.
- My pleasure.
Lucas told me about you.
- I hope it was all good.
- Yes.
All good things.
He talks like a man in love, the
kind that doesn't exist anymore.
- Meet Félix, one of my partners.
- It's a pleasure.
How are you?
Everyone's talking about
your wonderful cannabis.
It took a lot of work.
It's a unique plant, actually.
You're also the only ones that have
to put on a show to get investors.
Excuse me?
Everyone else has offers.
Yes, but we're independent.
All rejects market themselves
as independent.
The pioneers always take
the hardest hit.
Do you believe that?
You, more than anyone, should know you
can't beat established companies.
It's a matter of time.
You don't have time.
You dug your own grave
before you even started.
After you rejected Madre Verde's
offer, they bought another company,
and now they have
amazing financial muscle.
That's not true. We never received
an offer from Madre Verde.
I spoke to Graciela and she said Mari
turned down three million dollars.
If that isn't turning down an offer,
then what is it?
Félix.
Félix! Hey!
- I was going to tell you.
- Really? When?
You know the money problems
I have right now.
That's why I didn't tell you.
Why? 'Cause it would've helped my
mom deal with her fucking cancer?
You would've taken the money and
our dream would've gone to shit.
That was a team decision.
We weren't supposed
to keep any more secrets.
You have to reject an offer like that immediately
or it'll go to our heads.
The decision isn't the problem.
Then, what is it?
You have your own agendas,
as if no one else existed.
This company belongs to the three
of us, not just you.
You complain about your dad,
but you're doing the
exact same thing.
It's time to bet on the future.
Several samples are in the back,
you can analyze them.
"I'd rather go through labor
than attend a snobby party?"
For a snob, you've got a good memory,
Santamaría.
If you came to apologize, thank you,
but that's all you'll get.
No, I was just passing by.
We're two hours from Bogotá.
You don't say.
You go out for a walk, and you never
know where you'll end up.
Cheers.
Look,
let's do an exercise.
Take a look around,
and tell me if I was wrong.
These people are a bad joke.
Don't forget we all have
our own tragedies.
Rich men also cry?
Don't fuck with me, Santamaría.
How insensitive.
On the contrary.
Hello. Félix.
I'm one of the partners.
Is it true you use multicolored lights
for the plants?
Yes, they accelerate growth.
It's because of the
color's frequency.
Exactly.
We change the color
as they grow.
Do you know about
growing cannabis?
I'm learning.
How's your mom?
Excuse me?
Your mother.
She's sick, isn't she?
Do I know you?
You're looking for investors.
I'm an investor.
How much do you need?
If you want, we can sit and talk
with my partners.
We're talking fine here.
- A million dollars.
- What's the return?
Twenty-five percent.
Sounds good.
Here's what we'll do.
Talk with Mariana and Ignacio,
and, if you want the money,
you'll find me here.
Ask for Teo.
Hope your mom recovers.
Where were you?
We're a kick ass team, right?
I was working.
With that girl?
What girl?
These people
didn't give a shit, huh?
We'll have to go back
to the bank.
- No, I think we have another option.
- Really?
Some guy offered me the money.
The money?
Shit!
Yes, but he didn't look
trustworthy. He was strange.
Did any of these weasels
look trustworthy?
Strange, how?
Mafioso or what?
Just strange.
He wrote his address on a
piece of paper.
Where is it?
In the trash.
In one of those bags.
Son of a bitch, seriously?
Come on! You have to look for
it too, fucker!
In one of these.
I'll look over here.
I understand your concern.
If I was in your shoes,
I'd also have my doubts.
But I assure you
that my money's totally legal.
Cryptocurrency?
Cryptocurrency mining.
Is that legal?
It's outside the law. It just hasn't
been regulated yet.
That's true, even James has
his own cryptocurrency.
James the soccer player?
Yeah, it's JR10.
Token.
You agreed with the
return on investment.
Didn't you?
How long will it take
to get my money?
Three months.
I'll tell you what.
Let's forget about the return.
I'll lend you the money.
But if I don't have it back
in three months,
I keep the seeds.
The seeds?
If it's as good a business as you
say, it shouldn't be a problem.
No way. Impossible. We can't...
I'll go give the
boys some water.
I'll be right back.
You have to decide
now.
This is too strange.
But it's what we need.
- You're seriously considering it?
- Sure. Why not?
I can't believe...
Didn't you see what I saw?
He's one trauma away
from becoming the Joker.
He's strange, he's got a vacant look,
but it's a good deal.
He's right. If we can get the equipment,
we'll pay him back in no time.
And if this isn't working
in three months, it's over.
Three months is nothing!
Then let's negotiate six.
Four. Four months.
And you get the money tomorrow.
I don't agree.
But,
if my partners vote in favor,
then I will as well.
After all,
we're a team, right?
I'm in.
Me too.
Everything okay?
Yes.
Everything's fine.